
 
#  <div><p style="text-align:center;font-family:Verdana; color:black; font-size:30px;">BCG Climate and Sustainability: Fast Cars Emissions Abatement Implementation plan - Forage </p></div>

##This has been an incredible learning experience in consulting, involving meticulous research and the delivery of an implementation plan for the client, who seeks to minimize the carbon emissions in the value chain. The data was generated by a 'cradle-to-grave' assessment, performed by their team.
 
### <span style="text-align:center;"font-family:Verdana; color:maroon;">Key Achievements:</span>
>- **Identifies** insights on **Emission Sources** for Fast Cars, an automotive manufacturer
>- **Conducted** a competitor analysis, identified key players in the race to Net Zero
>- **Analyzed** a carbon emissions for the Sustainability Team, and calculated baselines, and compared data from the CDP (Carbon Disclosure Project) database for accuracy.
>- **Recommended** carbon reduction initiatives for Fast Cars to achieve Net Zero, considering effective Scope 3 strategies.
>- **Communicated** via clear emails and a presentation deck on key findings and recommendations for the client.
>- **Adapted** messaging strategies to address investor concerns, aligning with Fast Cars' sustainability goals.


### <span style="text-align:center;"font-family:Verdana; color:maroon;">Methodology: </span>
1.	I have categorized the emission sources in the Value Chain into Scopes 1, 2 & 3.
2.	I have then identified the abatement potential of levers, and mapped them to each emission source.
3.	Approximated the abatement costs per t CO2, based on the data provided, and identified the best opportunities for abatement initiatives.


   


<div style="color:white;
           display:fill;
           border-radius:5px;
           font-size:100%;
           font-family:Verdana;
           letter-spacing:0.45px">

<p style="padding: 20px;
              color:black;">
    📌<br>It has been a cool experience executing this project and reviewing the research on sustainability and value-chain transformation, both subjects I deeply care about. 
    </p>
</div>
